doctor
What happened to my wife?
Why did you suddenly faint?
Not so good.
Your loved one has acute leukemia leukemia
that
Can it be cured
He is late now.
At present
Drug therapy and chemotherapy
It can only play the role of auxiliary relief
Want to heal
It requires myelosuppression.
Okay, so bone marrow transplant
Bone marrow transplantation requires a suitable bone marrow
But
At present, there are no matching pleats in the bone marrow bank.
But don't worry.
Our family can try it out first.
It's actually bigger.
Okay, okay, okay, we'll do it right away.
Another point is the felony
This is not a small amount after all.
Early treatment
Later transplant recovery
You can't get down without millions.
Money is not a problem
Okay, you can do the matching first.
Do I have some bad disease?
Hey
What did Lao Wang say?
It's okay, little problem.
The doctor said that as long as you rest for a while, it will be fine.
You have a good rest
I went to the third sister to say this.
I'll be right there.
Third sister
I'm going to Xiaoxue's parents' house
The doctor said
People who are related have higher video rates
But after Xiaoxue married you back then
Their family broke off ties with him
Can this person agree?
They beat me and scolded me, and I endured it.
As long as it can be done 10 times for Xiaoxue
I can do anything
Then I'll go with you.
No, I can do it myself.
Help me take care of Xiaoxue and the children.
Don't miss you